DOC-1984: Added TINY-9698 to the release notes. (#2751)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} 6.5.

=== Advanced Code Editor 3.3.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Code Editor** premium plugin.

**Advanced Code Editor** 3.3.0 includes the following fix.

=== The `copy code` button wasn't correctly styled within the Advanced Code Editor.
//#TINY-9698

> In previous versions of {productname}, the "Copy code" button had a grey background.

Reviewer: there were no previous implementation of this button, is just that the first implementation was wrongly styled

Author: @lorenzo-pomili please see below suggestion

> In previous versions of {productname}, the "Copy code" button had a grey background.
> 
> This issue was caused by the previous setting of `borderless: true` which should have been set to `false`. As a consequence, the button wasn't correctly styled. 

Author: ```suggestion
In {productname}, implementation for the new "Copy code" button was styled incorrectly with a grey background.

This issue was a oversight which meant the setting for `borderless: true` should have been set to `false`. As a consequence, the button wasn't correctly styled. 
```

Author: @lorenzo-pomili Please review suggested changes, and remove blocker from this if you are happy with the changes.

Reviewer: @kemister85 the incorrect style was the one without the grey background

> === Advanced Code Editor 3.3.0
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Code Editor** premium plugin.
> 
> **Advanced Code Editor** 3.3.0 includes the following fix.
> 
> === The `copy code` button wasn't correctly styled within the Advanced Code Editor.
> //#TINY-9698
> 
> In {productname}, implementation for the new "Copy code" button was styled incorrectly which meant it was missing the grey background similar to the other buttons.
> 
> This issue was a oversight which meant the setting for `borderless: true` should have been set to `false`. As a consequence, the button wasn't correctly styled. 
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, the `borderless: true` setting has now been removed and the button is now correctly styled.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Advanced Code Editor 3.3.0

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Code Editor** premium plugin.

**Advanced Code Editor** 3.3.0 includes the following fix.

=== The _Copy code_ button was incorrectly styled within the Advanced Code Editor.
//#TINY-9698

In previous versions of {productname}, the _Copy code_ button was styled incorrectly. Specifically, it was missing the grey background used in other, equivalent, buttons.

This was caused by an incorrect CSS setting. The setting, `borderless: true`, should not have been applied. As a consequence, the button wasn't correctly styled. 

For {productname} 6.5, the `borderless: true` setting has been removed and the button is now correctly styled.

```

Edits and copy-edits.
